feat: introduce configurable support of cert-manager.io CA injection (#2811)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs-new/docs/installation/configuration/cert-manager.md

  must be `keptn-certs`.
* Substitute the namespace placeholders with your namespace, where Keptn is installed.

## Injecting CA Annotations

`cert-manager.io` supports specific annotations for
injectable resources depending on the injection source.
To configure these annotations, modify the `global.caInjectionAnnotation` Helm value.
See the [CA Injector](https://cert-manager.io/docs/concepts/ca-injector/) documentation for more details.

Here is an example `values.yaml` file demonstrating the configuration of CA injection
by using the `cert-manager.io/inject-ca-from` annotation:

```yaml
global:
  certManagerEnabled: false # disable Keptn Cert Manager
  caInjectionAnnotations:
    cert-manager.io/inject-ca-from: keptn-system/keptn-certs
```

Refer to the

> [Customizing the configuration of components](https://keptn.sh/latest/docs/installation/#customizing-the-configuration-of-components)

Reviewer: please use a relative link here instead of an absolute one
```suggestion
[Customizing the configuration of components](../index.md#customizing-the-configuration-of-components)
```
